Fixed several links + improved the linkchecker (#2371)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/braze/index.md

#### Web

> Once setup, it allows you to trigger in-app message display as a result of several different event types. By default, all In-App Messages that a user is eligible for are automatically delivered to the user upon a session start event. A new session automatically starts when a user loads your site. If you'd like to force a new session for a user, simply make an identify with the corresponding [userId](/docs/connections/spec/identify/#user-id) for that user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once configured, you can trigger in-app message display as a result of several different event types. By default, all In-App Messages that a user is eligible for are automatically delivered to the user upon a session start event. A new session automatically starts when a user loads your site. If you'd like to force a new session for a user, simply make an identify call with the corresponding [userId](/docs/connections/spec/identify/#user-id) for that user.
```

#### Client

> 1. To support push notifications on Chrome, you'll need to enable FCM/GCM as well as configure your site. Check out steps [one and two here, for detailed instructions on both](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/initial_sdk_setup#step-1-to-support-chrome-enable-fcmgcm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To support push notifications on Chrome, you'll need to enable FCM/GCM as well as configure your site. Check out steps [one and two here for detailed instructions on both](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/initial_sdk_setup#step-1-to-support-chrome-enable-fcmgcm).
```

 });
```

> For more details on this snippet, check out the Braze's docs [here](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/initial_sdk_setup#soft-push-prompts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on this snippet, check out Braze's docs [here](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/initial_sdk_setup#soft-push-prompts).
```
